Add Pinta (#242)
myfreeweb/awesome-gtk: README.md

- [GIMP](https://www.gimp.org) - Raster graphics editor used for image manipulation, image editing, free-form drawing and more specialized stask `#c` `#gtk3`.
- [MyPaint](http://mypaint.org) - Simple drawing and painting program with support for Wacom-style graphics tablets `#python` `#gtk3`.
- [Obfuscate](https://apps.gnome.org/Obfuscate) - Private information censoring tool `#rust` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita` `#gnome`.

> - [Pinta](https://www.pinta-project.com/) - Drawing and image editing program. `#c#` `#gtk2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Pinta](https://www.pinta-project.com) - Drawing and image editing program with simple interface and layered organization `#c#` `#gtk3`.
```
